README.md, before:

# Circonus NAD plugins

NAD plugin development.

* [apache/](apache/) pull metrics from Apache's server-status endpoint.
* [centos7/](centos7/) updated `vm.sh`
* [docker/](docker/) supports the Docker API stats and events endpoints.
* [linux/](linux/) `load.sh` and `df.sh`
* [mysql/](mysql/) MySQL *server* perspective

The Vagrantfile contains a CentOS 7 box definition and will install NAD and register the VM with Circonus.

```sh
cp example.cosi.yaml cosi.yaml
vi cosi.yaml
# edit settings and save
vagrant up
```

> Metric value note: (ref: [resmon docs](http://labs.omniti.com/labs/resmon/wiki/ModuleDevelopment))
>
> The possible types are as follows. Any other value gets changed to '`0`':
>
> * `0` - autodetect (this is the default)
> * `i` - signed 32 bit integer
> * `I` - unsigned 32 bit integer
> * `l` - signed 64 bit integer
> * `L` - unsigned 64 bit integer
> * `n` - double
> * `s` - string
> 
> Applies to text output for NAD and [httptrap](https://maier.circonus.com/user/docs/Data/CheckTypes#HTTPTrap)

Commit message:

add ignores for temporary docker build files; add dev node bin to path for ~vagrant/.bashrc

README.md, after:

# Circonus NAD plugins

NAD plugin development.

* [apache/](apache/) pull metrics from Apache's server-status endpoint.
* [centos7/](centos7/) updated `vm.sh`
* [docker/](docker/) supports the Docker API stats and events endpoints.
* [linux/](linux/) `load.sh` and `df.sh`
* [mysql/](mysql/) MySQL *server* perspective

The Vagrantfile contains a CentOS 7 box definition and will install NAD and register the VM with Circonus.

```sh
cp example.cosi.yaml cosi.yaml
vi cosi.yaml
# edit settings and save
vagrant up
vagrant ssh
$ cd /vagrant
```

> Metric value note: (ref: [resmon docs](http://labs.omniti.com/labs/resmon/wiki/ModuleDevelopment))
>
> The possible types are as follows. Any other value gets changed to '`0`':
>
> * `0` - autodetect (this is the default)
> * `i` - signed 32 bit integer
> * `I` - unsigned 32 bit integer
> * `l` - signed 64 bit integer
> * `L` - unsigned 64 bit integer
> * `n` - double
> * `s` - string
> 
> Applies to metric output for NAD plugins, as well as, metrics submitted via [httptrap](https://maier.circonus.com/user/docs/Data/CheckTypes#HTTPTrap).
